Add Gardener v1.13 release blog (#172)
gardener/documentation: website/blog/2020-11/02/_index.md

---
title: Gardener v1.13 Released
linkTitle: Gardener v1.13
newsSubtitle: November 23, 2020
type: blog
publishdate: 2020-11-23
archivedate: 2021-01-22
authors:
- name: Rafael Franzke
  email: rafael.franzke@sap.com
  avatar: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/19169361?s=460&v=4
aliases: ["/blog/2020/11/23/00"]
---

Dear community, we're happy to announce a new minor release of Gardener, in fact, the 16th in 2020!
v1.13 came out just today after a couple of weeks of code improvements and feature implementations.
As usual, this blog post provides brief summaries for the most notable changes that we introduce with this version.
Behind the scenes (and not explicitly highlighted below) we are progressing on internal code restructurings and refactorings to ease further extensions and to enhance development productivity.

> Speaking of those: You might be interested in watching [the recording of the last Gardener Community Meeting](TODO) which includes a detailed session for [v2 of Terraformer](https://github.com/gardener/terraformer/releases/tag/v2.0.0-rc.0), a complete rewrite in Golang and improved state handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Speaking of those: You might be interested in watching [the recording of the last Gardener Community Meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sQs_Hj6xpY) which includes a detailed session for [v2 of Terraformer](https://github.com/gardener/terraformer/releases/tag/v2.0.0-rc.0), a complete rewrite in Golang and improved state handling.
```
